README.md, before:

Experiments with Host and BT controller boards over SPI
==============================================

Install Zephyr as per [Getting Started Guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/getting_started/index.html)
using virtual env.

Install necessary dependencies, such as
```
brew install stlink
```
and [nrf-command-line-tools](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-tools/nrf-command-line-tools/download)


Set Zephyr dev env by
```
source ./zephyr.env
```

STM32 Nucleo F401R Host with STM X-NUCLEO IDB05A2
----------------------------------------------

# Host with shield
Build

```
west build -b nucleo_f401re -s $ZEPHYR_BASE/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_dis -d host_build -- -DBOARD_ROOT=$PWD -DSHIELD=x_nucleo_idb05a2 -DCONF_FILE=$PWD/peripheral_dis.prj.conf
```

Flash
```
west flash -d host_build
```

STM32 Nucleo F401R Host with nRF52840DK Controller
----------------------------------------------

# Host
Build perepheral_dis host example

```
west build -b nucleo_f401re -s $ZEPHYR_BASE/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_dis -d host_build -- -DBOARD_ROOT=$PWD -DSHIELD=red -DCONF_FILE=$PWD/peripheral_dis.prj.conf
```

Flash
```
west flash -d host_build
```

# Controller
Build hci_spi controller example

```
west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 -s $ZEPHYR_BASE/samples/bluetooth/hci_spi -d ctrl_build -- -DBOARD_ROOT=$PWD -DSHIELD=green -DCONF_FILE=$PWD/hci_spi.prj.conf
```

Flash
```
west flash -d ctrl_build
```

Clean
----------------------------------------------
```
rm -rf host_build ctrl_build
```

Pinout
----------------------------------------------

Pinout almost identical between host and controller

STM Host
```
(A0)  PA0   EXTI		active Hi
(A1)  PA1   SPI CS		active Lo
(D12) PA6   MISO		active Hi
(D11) PA7   MOSI		active Hi
(D6)  PB10  RESET		active Lo
(D3)  PB3   SPI-SCK		active Hi
```

Only nRF Controller has an extra wire from (D6) to P0.18 reset pin

TODO
----------------------------------------------

For some reason Host is always repeating logs entries twice

Commit message:

tested 3 STM32 boards as host

README.md, after:

Experiments with Host and BT controller boards over SPI
==============================================

Install Zephyr as per [Getting Started Guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/getting_started/index.html)
using virtual env.

Install necessary dependencies, such as
```
brew install stlink
brew install openocd
```
and [nrf-command-line-tools](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-tools/nrf-command-line-tools/download)


Set Zephyr dev env by
```
source ./zephyr.env
```

Have tried 3 STM32 boards as controllers:
- nucleo_f401re
- nucleo_g0b1re
- nucleo_l476rg (doesn't work with nRF controller)

The all work well, except `nucleo_l476rg` works only with x_nucleo_idb05a2 shield. It doesn't want to work with nRF controller. There must be some place where BLUNRG config options is set for entire board. Need to find out where.

STM32 Nucleo F401R Host with STM X-NUCLEO IDB05A2
----------------------------------------------

# Host with shield
Build

```
west build -b nucleo_f401re -s $ZEPHYR_BASE/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_dis -d host_build -- -DBOARD_ROOT=$PWD -DSHIELD=x_nucleo_idb05a2 -DCONF_FILE=$PWD/peripheral_dis.prj.conf
```

Flash
```
west flash -d host_build
```

STM32 Nucleo F401R Host with nRF52840DK Controller
----------------------------------------------

# Host
Build perepheral_dis host example

```
west build -b nucleo_f401re -s $ZEPHYR_BASE/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_dis -d host_build -- -DBOARD_ROOT=$PWD -DSHIELD=red -DCONF_FILE=$PWD/peripheral_dis.prj.conf
```

Flash
```
west flash -d host_build
```

# Controller
Build hci_spi controller example

```
west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 -s $ZEPHYR_BASE/samples/bluetooth/hci_spi -d ctrl_build -- -DBOARD_ROOT=$PWD -DSHIELD=green -DCONF_FILE=$PWD/hci_spi.prj.conf
```

Flash
```
west flash -d ctrl_build
```

Clean
----------------------------------------------
```
rm -rf host_build ctrl_build
```

Pinout
----------------------------------------------

Pinout almost identical between host and controller

STM Host
```
(A0)  PA0   EXTI		active Hi
(A1)  PA1   SPI CS		active Lo
(D12) PA6   MISO		active Hi
(D11) PA7   MOSI		active Hi
(D6)  PB10  RESET		active Lo
(D3)  PB3   SPI-SCK		active Hi
```

Only nRF Controller has an extra wire from (D6) to P0.18 reset pin

TODO
----------------------------------------------

For some reason Host is always repeating logs entries twice
